DONE Find normal vectors
Run physics and playcanvas engine on server
DONE Scoring system and user interface
    How scoring works:
        When launch bullet, it will be assigned a tag of Hero or Enemy depending on the player.
        When bullet had a collision with the ball, the ball's tag now equals the bullet's tag.
        When ball have collision with the "goal", it will send the tag to everyone's user interface displaying "Victory" or "Defeated."
    Questions: 
        DONE How to send the tag to user interface on step 3.
        DONE Is there other ways than assigning "tags" or make class variables?
        DONE In Network.js, why can't I use this.socket.emit but instead I have to use socket.emit with var socket = this.socket?
            Also, is var self = this also necessary?
Add player name on top of entities:
    https://playcanvas.com/project/362231/overview/tutorial-canvas-text
    
v0.1 DONE
    DONE Player launch game, start playing. Program will automatically balance which team the player will be on.
        On the left corner will display "You are on Team Hero" or "You are on Team Enemy (with Team Enemy in red)"
    DONE Game will keep playing until one team scores, which will display which team won in the middle of the user interface.
        To determine which team won, use the bullet tags to ball and tags to collision box.
    DONE Multiplayer
        Players: Playcanvas tutorial
        Ball: Alternate updating
        Bullets: Not updating
    
v0.2 DONE
    Multiplayer: I decided to switch to setPositions because last version "teleporting rigidbodies" wasn't smooth and ball alternating update causes problems.
        DONE Players: Playcanvas tutorial except now other player is not a rigidbody.
        DONE Ball: One player is central server. Everyone else is model. Ball model updates positions and rotations.
        DONE Bullets: Updating through setting creating clones applying forces on all ends.
    DONE A 10 second timer will appear on the right top corner, displaying "Next game in 10...9...8." After the timer is done, launch new game, which the program will randomize the players for teams.
    
v0.2.1
    Reorganize Code
    Fix the timer displaying issue
    Display currenlty how many players connected on client UI (maybe add to "addPlayers" and "deletePlayers" method.)
    Display little tutorial ("Shoot the ball into your opponents' goal!") on client UI and will disappear after 10 seconds.
    DONE Change glitch server name to socshoot0-2
    Stuff need to be reported to server
        1. Player position
        2. Player rotation (which includes the gun rotation)
        3. Ball
        4. Bullets
    Start or end of game, toggle off firstPersonMovement https://forum.playcanvas.com/t/toggle-a-script-on-or-off-see-attached-image/7310
    
v0.2.2
    Updating the positions and rotations of the players' gun.
    
v0.3
    Ball on bullets on server using cannon. Player sides are the 
        Ball should not only setPosition, but also apply torque?
        
v0.4
    Add menu
    Change lookspeed
    Sprint?
    
v0.5
    Server list
    